---
title: Check me, replicate me.
tags: 
style: fill
color: secondary
comments: true
description: A self-correcting practice inspired by Gilad Feldman.
---

Science is an art of collaboration. We all make mistakes working by ourselves. I make a lot of spelling mistakes writing in English as my second language. But mistakes in research methodology and data handling are much more serious than typos. I with to actively adopt the process of self-correcting, which includes the following two components:

### Check My Work
Inspired by [Gilad Feldman](https://mgto.org/check-me-replicate-me/), I offer to pay you a bounty for every minor or major error you find in my preprinted and published work. Definitions and rules are taken from the websites of Gilad Feldman and [Alexander Max Bauer](https://alephmembeth.github.io/check.html).

I understand a minor error to be, for example, the incorrect reporting of a numerical result. On the other hand, typos or grammatical errors do not count unless they significantly change the meaning of what is being said. If you find a minor error in my work, I offer to pay you HKD 40, equivalent to a cup of good coffee.
I understand a major error to be, for example, a flaw in my method, an error in my code that significantly changes the results, or an erroneously drawn conclusion that is not supported by the data. If you find a major error in my work, I offer to pay you HKD 200, equivalent to a good meal.
All errors found in my preprinted and published work will be collected in a separate section of this website. As both Gilad Feldman and Stuart Ritchie note, they “have to be objective errors – not matters of opinion or interpretation.”

### Replicate My Work
As a fresh graduate of Bachelors degree, I don’t have a lot of publish work yet. But I keep all the data and code of my current project open. Should you be interested in replicating the temporary findings, there are a few things I do to make this as easy as possible for you:

I try to maintain repositories containing all the essential files.
If anything is missing in a repository, please feel free to contact me, and I will try to add the missing files as soon as possible.
If you are working on replicating the current project findings, I will be happy to discuss the details and even collaborate together.


Note: Gilad Feldman got the idea from Stuart Ritchie, who himself adapted it from Ruben Arslan, José Luis Ricón, and the Knuth Reward Check. 


Some relevant research paper on self-correction:

Rohrer, J. M., Tierney, W., Uhlmann, E. L., DeBruine, L. M., Heyman, T., Jones, B., … & Yarkoni, T. (2021). [Putting the self in self-correction: Findings from the Loss-of-Confidence Project.](https://doi.org/10.1177/1745691620964106) Perspectives on Psychological Science, 16(6), 1255-1269.

Altenmüller, M. S., Nuding, S., & Gollwitzer, M. (2021). [No harm in being self-corrective: Self-criticism and reform intentions increase researchers’ epistemic trustworthiness and credibility in the eyes of the public.](https://doi.org/10.1177/09636625211022181) Public understanding of science, 30(8), 962-976.

Ramsey, R. (2021). [A call for greater modesty in psychology and cognitive neuroscience.](https://doi.org/10.1525/collabra.24091) Collabra: Psychology, 7(1), 24091.

Hoekstra, R., & Vazire, S. (2021). [Aspiring to greater intellectual humility in science.](https://www.nature.com/articles/s41562-021-01203-8) Nature human behaviour, 5(12), 1602-1607.
